docs(policy): request mirror (#1357)
kumahq/kuma-website: app/_src/policies/meshhttproute.md

    - **`hostname`** - is the fully qualified domain name of a network host. This
      matches the RFC 1123 definition of a hostname with 1 notable exception that
      numeric IP addresses are not allowed.

>     - **`port`** - is the port to be used in the value of the `Location` header in e

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **`port`** - is the port to be used in the value of the `Location` header in
```

      - **`type`** - one of `ReplaceFullPath`, `ReplacePrefixMatch`
      - **`replaceFullPath`** - must be set if the `type` is `ReplaceFullPath`
      - **`replacePrefixMatch`** - must be set if the `type` is `ReplacePrefixMatch`
{% if_version gte:2.2.x %} 
  - **`requestMirror`** - must be set if the `type` is `RequestMirror`
    - **`percentage`** - percentage of requests to mirror. If not specified, all requests to the target cluster will be mirrored.

>     - **`backendRef`** - [BackendRef](#backendref), destination for request to be mirrored 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **`backendRef`** - [BackendRef](#backendref), destination to mirror request to
```

{% endif_version %}

> - **`backendRefs`** - [BackendRef](#backendref) (optional), list of destination for request to be redirected to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`backendRefs`** - [BackendRef](#backendref) (optional), list of destinations to redirect requests to
```

{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

{% if_version gte:2.2.x %}
### Traffic mirror

> We can use MeshHTTPRoute policy to mirror a fraction of request to another service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`MeshHTTPRoute` can mirror a fraction of requests to another service.
```

This can be useful when testing a new version of the app with the production payload without 
interrupting real users. 

{% tabs mirror useUrlFragment=false %}
{% tab mirror Kubernetes %}

```yaml
apiVersion: kuma.io/v1alpha1
kind: MeshHTTPRoute
metadata:
  name: http-route-1
  namespace: {{site.mesh_namespace}}
  labels:
    kuma.io/mesh: default
spec:
  targetRef:
    kind: MeshService
    name: frontend_kuma-demo_svc_8080
  to:
    - targetRef:
        kind: MeshService
        name: backend_kuma-demo_svc_3001
      rules:
        - matches:
            - headers:
                - type: Exact
                  name: mirror-this-request
                  value: "true"
          default:
            filters:
              - type: RequestMirror
                requestMirror:
                  percentage: 30
                  backendRef:
                    kind: MeshServiceSubset
                    name: backend_kuma-demo_svc_3001
                    tags:
                      version: v1/experimental
            backendRefs:
              - kind: MeshServiceSubset
                name: backend_kuma-demo_svc_3001
                tags:
                  version: v0
```

> We will apply the configuration with `kubectl apply -f [..]`.

Reviewer: This line feels pretty superfluous

{% endtab %}
{% tab mirror Universal %}

```yaml
type: MeshHTTPRoute
name: http-route-1
mesh: default
spec:
  targetRef:
    kind: MeshService
    name: frontend_kuma-demo_svc_8080
  to:
    - targetRef:
        kind: MeshService
        name: backend_kuma-demo_svc_3001
      rules:
        - matches:
            - headers:
                - type: Exact
                  name: mirror-this-request
                  value: "true"
          default:
            filters:
              - type: RequestMirror
                requestMirror:
                  percentage: 30
                  backendRef:
                    kind: MeshServiceSubset
                    name: backend_kuma-demo_svc_3001
                    tags:
                      version: v1/experimental
            backendRefs:
              - kind: MeshServiceSubset
                name: backend_kuma-demo_svc_3001
                tags:
                  version: v0
```

> We will apply the configuration with `kumactl apply -f [..]` or via the [HTTP API](/docs/{{ page.version }}/reference/http-api).

Reviewer: Also superfluous
